EC-84: Revise Cache, Catalog and Checkout sections (#3)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/cache/translations_cache_for_textmodules.md

> # Translation cache for Textmodules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Translation cache for Text modules
```

!!! note

>     See [SignalSlots documentation](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/2.5/guide/signalslots/#signals-reference) for more information about the Signal Slot system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See [SignalSlots documentation](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/2.5/guide/signalslots/#signals-reference) for more information about the SignalSlot system.
```
